***** Terms and Conditions *****


We (Emanuele Delirio and Francesca Gallinelli) built the Tappy app as a free app. This app is provided by us at no cost and
is intended for use as is.
Tappy is an app to get visibility of your social media accounts by gaining points (named chicks). 
When you gain points, your profile will appear in the Rank section of the app, so that other people can see your profile and,
if they like it, follow you. You will rank higher the more points you earn. 

You can promote your Instagram, TiKTok, Youtube or Twitter accounts, one at time. You just need to add your username. 
Note that if you log out of Tappy, your score will be reset to zero for the day.
Do not use or promote banned, illegal, racist, violent or offensive keywords or profiles. 

The app and their creators are not responsible for any consequence that may affect your posts, stories, 
content, account, platform, device, website, yourself or any other person or business after using Tappy.

== USE

Tappy must be used for the only purposed described in this terms and conditions. You cannot use the app with the purpose of
earning money in any way or form.

You may not, whether by yourself or anyone on your behalf:
copy, modify, create derivative works of, adapt, emulate, translate, reverse engineer, compile, decompile or disassemble 
any portion of the content on the App and any other information, documents, material and data available 
on the App (collectively, the “Content”) in any way, or publicly display, perform, sell or distribute the Content, 
without our (the creaators) prior written consent.

== ACCOUNT

In order to use Tappy, you need to creaate aan account. You can delete this account anytime by sending an email to befamous.application@gmail.com.

== GENERAL

The app includes AdMob in order to show personalized Ad videos. In particular, "Google can use the advertisment ID of the device where the Ad banner is shown, in order to generate interests and demographic data.The interests, the demographic data and other data can be used by Google to publish banner targeted for the user". 
By watching the video, you (the user) obtain a reward in terms of "chicks" used within the application. You can exit the video anytime, but you will loose your reward if you do not complete it. It is not mandatory or necessary to watch video ads to use Tappy.

The app is not affiliated with any of the socials described in the app and linked to it. 



We, the creators of this app, reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, limit or discontinue any aspect and functionality of Tappy at any time.
You cannot sell, modify, copy or alter in any way the app and its functionalities, nor delegate someone else to do it for you.
The app is not affiliated with Instagram, TikTok, Twitter or Youtube.
